Running out of space
   player is a chunk of memory running away from the garbage collector, need to get
   to your programs space. running into viruses causes you to lose health (or data) 
   running into other programs space causes an error and the garbage collector gets
   faster

Night is coming
   3d game, you're a kid in a forest. a monster is after you. you need to get home
   before the time runs out (I hate this theme)

Decay
   You are nature reclaiming a city. You get points over time and get to invest points
   into rain, plant growth, animal migration etc. the goal is to leave the city in
   ruins,

Safe in the dark
   A rogueish type character must sneak around places and steal stuff, you get a
   rechargable hidding spell that you cast with space, when in shadows you become
   invisible for a short time

Fragile
   you are a cat, you push things off of window sills and table tops, if your human
   sees you pushing something you loose

You are the final boss.
   you are a dragon in a final fantasy style battle where your greed attracts tougher
   heros to battle

Evolve
   you get a set of shapes and breed new shapes from existing shapes. You need to
   keep your shapes alive however and you can do that by grinding up old shapes into 
   shape food. your score is based on the number of unique shapes aquired

Light is key
   (I don't like this one either)

Death is useful
   You are a necromancer and have cursed yourself, when you die you become stronger
   making the game easier. the challenge is to beat the game without dying. game is
   a top down adventure game where you are breaking into a castle to rule the kingdom
   and cease the ultimate power.

Two points of view
   you play the same scene twice but from the narrative perspective of two different 
   characters

Dying planet
   run around tagging animals for departure, ufo picks them up. your score is based on
   how many animals you save

It's spreading
   you work at a toast spreading factory. your job is to butter toast. clicking lowers
   the knife, then you spread some butter. depending on how much you spread you
   get money

3 rules
   I don't like this opne either unless its a cell based game or smth

one enemy only
   
one minute

you control the environment
   You are the inner voice of the player. You are met with dialogue options and you
   click on inner voice responses. The inner voice responses then affect the character.
   Has a branching narrative. 